{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Test case 1
\f1\b0 \
1. The user goes to web-site https://www.drmartens.com/us/en/ \
2. The user clicks on \'93Women\'94 button.\
3. The user clicks on \'93New arrivals\'94 button.\
4. The user scrolls down and clicks on \'931460 PATENT LEATHER CROCODILE PRINT BOOTS\'94.\
5. The user clicks on \'936\'94 button to select size. \
6. The user clicks \'93Add to bag\'94 button.\
7. The user clicks \'93Checkout\'94.\
\

\f0\b Test case 2
\f1\b0 \
1. The user goes to web-site https://www.drmartens.com/us/en/ \
2. The user clicks on \'93Women\'94 button.\
3. The user clicks on \'93+ Women size\'94 button.\
4. The user selects size 6 and clicks \'93Apply\'94 button. \
5. The user clicks on \'93JADON X-GIRL LEATHER PLATFORM BOOTS\'94.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 6. The user clicks on \'936\'94 button to select size. \
7. The user clicks \'93Add to bag\'94 button.\
8. The user clicks \'93Checkout\'94.\
\

\f0\b Test case 3
\f1\b0 \
1. The user goes to web-site https://www.drmartens.com/us/en/ \
2. The user clicks on \'93Gifts\'94 button.\
3. The user scrolls down and clicks on \'93EGIFT CARDS >\'94 button. \
4. The user selects the $100.00 card nominal.\
5. The user enters Sender Email - email@gmail.com.\
6. The user enters Sender Name - Mariia.\
7. The user enters Recipient Email - email_2@gmail.com.\
8. The user enters Confirm Recipient Email - email_2@gmail.com.\
9. The user clicks \'93Add to bag\'94 button.\
10. The user clicks \'93Checkout\'94.\
\

\f0\b Test case 4
\f1\b0 \
1. The user goes to web-site https://www.drmartens.com/us/en/ \
2. The user clicks on \'93New\'94 button.\
3. The user clicks on \'93Platforms\'94 button.\
4. The user clicks on \'93+ Product collection\'94 button.\
5. The user selects Vegan and clicks on \'93Apply\'94 button.\
6. The user clicks on button to remove Vegan.\
7. The user clicks on \'931461 BEX X-GIRL LEATHER OXFORD SHOES\'94\
8. The user clicks on \'936\'94 button to select size. \
9. The user clicks \'93Add to bag\'94 button.\
10. The user clicks \'93Checkout\'94.\
11. The user clicks on \'93New\'94 button.\
\

\f0\b Test case 5 
\f1\b0 \
1. The user goes to web-site https://www.drmartens.com/us/en/ \
2. The user clicks on \'93Work Boots\'94 button. \
3. The user selects and clicks on \'93POLLEY WOMEN\'92S SLIP RESISTANT Mary Jane SHOES\'94.\
4. The user clicks on \'936\'94 button to select size. \
5. The user clicks \'93Add to bag\'94 button.\
6. The user clicks \'93Continue shopping\'94 button. \
7. The user clicks on \'93Kids\'94 button. \
8. The user selects and clicks on \'93TODDLER 1460 PASCAL METALLIC BOOTS\'94.\
9. The user clicks on \'937\'94 button to select size. \
10. The user clicks \'93Add to bag\'94 button.\
11. The user clicks \'93Checkout\'94.}